[breaking] Refactor codebase to use a single Sketch struct (#1353)
arduino/arduino-cli: docs/UPGRADING.md

## Unreleased

### Change public library interface

> #### `builder` package
> 
> This part refers to the `builder` package declared in `arduino/builder/`.
> 
> `GenBuildPath()` function has been moved to package `sketch` in `arduino/sketch/sketch.go`. The signature is unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `github.com/arduino/arduino-cli/arduino/builder` package

`GenBuildPath()` function has been moved to the `github.com/arduino/arduino-cli/arduino/sketch` package. The signature
is unchanged.
```
It seems like this way of referring to the packages is more clear to the type of reader who will be interested in the information. What do you think?

Author: Good idea, I didn't think about it.

Reviewer: Since you are in favor of this change, I added suggestions below for the equivalent changes to the rest of the `UPGRADING.md` content.
